It is very, very difficult to wake up to the sound of rockets.
Body parts are falling outside and inside the square.
Gas is being fired. The children have died from the air.
The street has blood like this. My nephew was martyred. His
hand and leg were gone. A 10-year-old child. His mother in
Egypt is suffering. Her sister is injured. Her sister is injured. What is her
fault? This mother comes and cannot find anything.  She finds her son a
martyr. She neither said goodbye to him nor saw him. This is not his
suffering. I see children like this. This woman
had an injury to her leg. Her son had a blood rash
on his leg. Her mother-in-law had a bruise. There were injuries to her head, mouth, and
hand. I mean, what is his fault? This is the big argument. How old is
the child? This is a mustache, playing like any other child.
The world is happy to learn to live in safety. We do not sleep
on missiles. We
live on missiles. We live in safety. In the corner of the Arab countries, we wake up
on missiles and sleep on missiles. The child was neither a
burden nor a
burden. There is security in a school that has the safety of the home, safety,
etc. Safety. Where do we want to go? Where will we be abandoned? We will not
emerge steadfast in our homes no matter what.
The rubble, we want to stand, and we want to remain on the rubble,
no matter what happens and no matter what the Jews do to us